Adding failover mode, role, and health information (#118)
osisoft/PI-Adapter: shared-content/configuration/client-failover.md

| **TokenEndpoint** | Optional for OCS endpoint | `string`| Retrieves an OCS token from an alternative endpoint <br><br>Allowed value: well-formed http or https endpoint string <br>Default value: `null` |
| **ValidateEndpointCertificate** | Optional | `bool`| Disables verification of destination certificate.<br><br>**Note:** Only use for testing with self-signed certificates. <br><br>Allowed value: `true` or `false`<br>Default value: `true` |

### Failover Modes
| Mode | Description
---------|---------

> | **Hot** | When the adapter is in `Hot` failover mode, any configured components are started and are collecting data from the data source. Collected data is buffered into the Failover specific buffer folder. Data is not egressed to the data endpoint(s). |

Reviewer: In the failover modes description - I suggest specify primary and secondary role behaviors - we're describing secondary adapter instance behavior but not explicitly mentioning it which might be confusing from a user perspective.

Reviewer 2: Agree with Zdenek on this. The application state is important with failover so the more we can explain the roles, the better.

> | **Hot** | When the adapter is in `Hot` failover mode, any configured components are started and are collecting data from the data source. Collected data is buffered into the Failover specific buffer folder. Data is not egressed to the data endpoint(s). |

Reviewer: What about: Collected data is buffered in the failover specific buffer folder until the adapter receives confirmation that primary adapter instance sent the data to the destination. 

Or something along those lines - to indicate that we don't buffer indefinately

Reviewer 2: How about: "When the adapter is in 'Hot' failover mode, any configured component will be started and collect data from the data source. Data collected by the secondary adapter is buffered in the failover-specific buffer folder until the primary adapter instance has finished sending data to the destination."

Author: What about this? Very similar just more clarification on roles 
```suggestion
| **Hot** | When the adapter is in `Hot` failover mode and in the `Secondary` role, any configured components are started and are collecting data from the data source. Collected data is buffered into the failover-specific buffer folder until the adapter instance in the `Primary` role has finished sending data to the destination. Data from the `Secondary` adapter is not egressed to the data endpoint(s). |
```

Reviewer 2: There's something grammatically awkward about that paragraph. "Any" would get paired with a singular noun (ie. any component). The other updates look alright to me.

Author: I updated this this to remove "any" and overall match the other suggestions. We can start a new thread if more changes are needed

> | **Warm** | When the adapter is in `Warm` failover mode, any configured components are started and are connected to the data source but are NOT collecting data from the data source. Since data is not being collected, data is not buffered. Data is not egressed to the data endpoint(s). |

Reviewer 2: Rewording suggestion: "When the secondary adapter is in 'Warm' failover mode, any configured component will start and connect to the data source but will NOT collect data from the data source. Since data is not being collected, data will not be buffered nor egressed to the data endpoint(s)."

Author: Slight tweak because I want to be as clear as possible that the adapter referred to is the secondary adapter, how does this sound?
"When in 'Warm' failover mode, any configured component for the 'Secondary' adapter instance will start.... etc."

Author: I'm marking all of these resolved and we can start a new thread if further changes are needed since new changes were pushed

> | **Cold** | When the adapter is in `Cold` failover mode, any configured components are NOT started. The adapter does not connect to the data source and is not collecting data. Data is not egressed to the data endpoint(s).|

Reviewer 2: Rewording suggestion: "When the adapter is in 'Cold' failover mode, none of the configured components for the 'Secondary' adapter instance will be started. The adapter will not connect to nor collect data from the data source, and data will not be egressed to the data endpoint(s)."

> | **None** | When the adapter is in `None` failover mode, any configured components are started and are collecting data from the data source. Data is egressed to the data endpoint(s). <br><br>**Note:** An adapter in the `Secondary` role with mode of `None` has the same behavior as an adapter in the `Primary` role. |

Reviewer 2: Rewording suggestion: "When the failover mode is set to 'None', any configured component for each adapter instance will start, collect, and egress data from the data source to the data endpoint(s), regardless of their failover role."

> **Note:** The adapter behaves according to failover mode when the failover role is `Secondary`. For example, if the current failover role is `Primary` and the client failover configuration has mode set to `Cold`, the adapter start, connect to the data source, and egress data to the data endpoint(s). Available failover modes may vary based on adapter.

Reviewer: Oh I would put this higher since user would go over the explanations above without this context.

Reviewer 2: Agreed with Zdenek. The only thing is, I think it may still cause some confusion. Rather than making a note like this, specifying Secondary and Primary roles within the description would make it more explicit and clearer.

| **TokenEndpoint** | Optional for OCS endpoint | `string`| Retrieves an OCS token from an alternative endpoint <br><br>Allowed value: well-formed http or https endpoint string <br>Default value: `null` |
| **ValidateEndpointCertificate** | Optional | `bool`| Disables verification of destination certificate.<br><br>**Note:** Only use for testing with self-signed certificates. <br><br>Allowed value: `true` or `false`<br>Default value: `true` |

### Failover Modes

> The adapter behaves according to failover mode when the failover role is `Secondary`. For more information on failover role, see [Failover Role](#failover-role). Available failover modes may vary based on adapter.

Reviewer 2: This sentence still sounds weird to me. Maybe we can say something like "The failover behavior outlined below corresponds to adapter instances with the 'Secondary' failover role." or "The failover mode for the adapter corresponds to those in the 'Secondary' failover role and behaves in the following manner."

Rainier, what are your thoughts?

Reviewer 3: > This sentence still sounds weird to me. Maybe we can say something like "The failover behavior outlined below corresponds to adapter instances with the 'Secondary' failover role." or "The failover mode for the adapter corresponds to those in the 'Secondary' failover role and behaves in the following manner."
> 
> Rainier, what are your thoughts?

Prefer the first suggestion:

"The failover behavior outlined below corresponds to adapter instances with the 'Secondary' failover role. Available failover modes may vary based on adapter. For more information on failover role, see [Failover Role](#failover-role). "

Reviewer: I would also go with the fist suggestion. Thank you, Jiyeon!

Author: Updated per first suggestion. Thanks guys!

| Mode | Description
---------|---------
| **Hot** | When in `Hot` failover mode, configured components for the `Secondary` adapter instance start and collect data from the data source. Collected data is buffered into the failover-specific buffer folder until the adapter instance in the `Primary` role has finished sending data to the destination. Data from the `Secondary` adapter instance is not egressed to the data endpoint(s). |

> | **Warm** | When in `Warm` failover mode, configured components for the `Secondary` adapter instance start and connect to the data source but do NOT collect data from the data source. Since data is not being collected, data is not buffered nor egressed to the data endpoint(s). |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **Warm** | When in `Warm` failover mode, configured components for the `Secondary` adapter instance start and connect to the data source but do not collect data from the data source. Since data is not being collected, data is not buffered nor egressed to the data endpoint(s). |
```
No need to all caps "not".

    "AdapterState": "Running"
}
```

### Failover Role 

> The current failover `Role` is determined by the client failover endpoint. The current failover role is visible by querying the failover state, or by looking at the failover health asset if a health endpoint is configured.

Reviewer: It might be better to mention OMF Health information here and by requesting adapter diagnostics. Querying endpoint would require more documentation and it might be good to leave out here (it might be okay to stick just with the OMF Health)

Author: I agree we should definitely link the diagnostics/ health information here .
We actually do already have documentation on querying the failover state, I was referring to the section directly above this (that github cut off for code review)  ## Query current failover state. Since this Failover Role section is a subsection of it I figured it would be ok to refer to it using the same language, but we could also add an explicit link. What do you think?

| Role | Description
---------|---------

> | **Primary** | When the adapter is in the `Primary` role, any configured components are started, connected to the data source, and collecting data. Data is egressed to the data endpoint(s). <br><br>**Note:** When the adapter is in the `Primary` role, any mode change does not affect adapter behavior and data will continue to be egressed regardless of mode. |

Reviewer: We might specify "failover mode change does not affect adapter..." instead of "any mode change"

Author: How about this? I don't think it hurts to be as explicit as possible
```suggestion
| **Primary** | When the adapter is in the `Primary` role, any configured components are started, connected to the data source, and collecting data. Data is egressed to the data endpoint(s). <br><br>**Note:** While the adapter is in the `Primary` role, a change in `Mode` in the client failover configuration does not affect adapter behavior and data will continue to be egressed. |
```

Reviewer 3: ^Suggestion looks good to me.

Reviewer 2: Same comment about grammar as above but agree with Rainier on the rest of it.

Author: I'm gonna need some clarification on which suggestion to go with @aveva-jhwang  There's a lot of comments going on about the same thing and I'm not sure which one now 😆

> | **Secondary** | When the adapter in in the `Secondary` role, adapter behavior varies based on the failover mode. For more information see [Failover Modes](#failover-modes). |

Reviewer: One extra "in" - adapter in in the secondary... :)

Reviewer 2: I assume that "in" was supposed to be "is". Also, it's missing a comma after "information".

> When an adapter client failover configuration registers with an endpoint, if the adapter is the only adapter registered in that group it becomes the `Primary` adapter instance. If the adapter is not the only adapter registed in the client failover group, the `Primary` adapter instance is that with the highest `FailoverStatus` value. For more information on `FailoverStatus`, see [Failover Status](xref:FailoverStatus).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When an adapter client failover configuration registers with an endpoint and it is the only adapter registered in the group, it becomes the `Primary` adapter instance. If the adapter is not the only adapter registered in the client failover group, the `Primary` adapter instance is that with the highest `FailoverStatus` value. For more information on `FailoverStatus`, see [Failover Status](xref:FailoverStatus).
```

## Health

> If the adapter has health endpoints configured, the client failover configuration values `Mode` and `FailoverGroupId` will be included in the static failover health data. For more information see [Failover Health](xref:FailoverHealth).

Reviewer 2: It's missing a comma after "information".
